product-trial-license (#3742)
mattermost/docs: source/install/ee-install.rst

Enterprise Install and Upgrade
===========================================

Mattermost Enterprise Edition is free to use in "team mode" without enterprise features enabled. There are two variants of Enterprise Edition, E10 and E20, and you can `compare their features online <https://mattermost.com/pricing-feature-comparison/>`__.

> Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can view `pricing and feature information <https://mattermost.com/pricing/>`__ and purchase a license key online <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__.

Reviewer: The link at the end (to customers.mattermost.com/login) is messed up, I think it's missing a ` character or something

Author: Thanks for catching that! Sorted.

> Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can view `pricing and feature information <https://mattermost.com/pricing/>`__ and purchase a license key online <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can view `pricing and feature information <https://mattermost.com/pricing/>`__ and purchase a `license key online <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__.
```

> Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can also create an account in the `Customer Portal <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__, purchase a license key, and upload it to Mattermost via **System Console > Edition and License**.  

Reviewer 2: For the 2nd sentence here, can we: 
1. Start the sentence with the intent (E.g. To purchase a license)  -- "You can also" makes it sound a bit like it's another way to get a trial, but really it seems to be talking about a separate case of when people are ready to buy. 
2. Say "Purchase online" instead of talking about the Customer Portal? 
  - I think people care most about the action rather than whether it's through a customer portal or not 
  - I think we should also consider pointing them to the pricing page or somewhere, since the link here lands on a sign up page with no information about the products they can buy

> Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can also create an account in the `Customer Portal <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__, purchase a license key, and upload it to Mattermost via **System Console > Edition and License**.  

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost, start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**. You can `purchase a license key online <https://customers.mattermost.com/login/>`__, and upload it via **System Console > Edition and License**.

```

Author: Those suggestions work for me, thanks. 
Although the pricing page does have a **Buy** button, it's below the fold so thought it best to have both links available.

Installing Enterprise Edition
-----------------------------

To install Mattermost Enterprise Edition directly please use one of the following guides:

* `Production Kubernetes Deployment <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-kubernetes.html>`__
* `Production Enterprise Edition on Ubuntu 16.04 <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-ubuntu-1604.html>`__
* `Production Enterprise Edition on Ubuntu 18.04 <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-ubuntu-1804.html>`__
* `Production Enterprise Edition on RHEL 7 <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-rhel-7.html>`__
* `Production Enterprise Edition on RHEL 6 <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-rhel-6.html>`__
* `Production Enterprise Edition on Debian Stretch <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-debian.html>`__
* `Production Docker Deployment using Docker Compose <https://docs.mattermost.com/install/prod-docker.html>`__

Upgrading to Mattermost Enterprise Edition
-------------------------------------------------

Checking your Mattermost Edition and Version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you're already running Mattermost, you can Mattermost edition and version from the command line using:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're already running Mattermost, you can check Mattermost edition and version from the command line using:
```

> If you're already running Mattermost, you can check Mattermost edition and version from the command line using:

Reviewer 2: should this be "the Mattermost edition and version"

Author: Updated.

> If you're already running Mattermost, you can check Mattermost edition and version from the command line using:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're already running Mattermost, you can check the Mattermost edition and version from the command line using:
```

  `mattermost version`

To check your edition and version from the web interface, open **Main Menu > About Mattermost**.

- **Mattermost Enterprise Edition** indicates you can apply a license key to enable enterprise features.
- **Mattermost Team Edition** indicates you're using the open source version and need to upgrade (per upgrade instructions below) before a license key can be applied.

Upgrading to Enterprise Edition from Mattermost Team Edition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The open source Mattermost Team Edition is functionally identical to the commercial Mattermost Enterprise Edition in its free "team mode", but there is no ability to unlock enterprise features.

To enable unlocking enterprise features, replace the Mattermost Team Edition binary with a Mattermost Enterprise Edition binary via an `upgrade procedure <http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html#upgrade-team-edition-to-enterprise-edition>`__.

> If you need to migrate Team Edition prior to install, `please follow the migration guide <http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/migrating.html>`__.

Reviewer 2: Maybe out of scope for this PR as I think this was part of the old doc - but what does "migrate Team Edition" mean here? It's not clear what kind of migration it's referring to

Author: Good question. I've reworded it slightly for more context.

> If you need to migrate Team Edition prior to install, `please follow the migration guide <http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/migrating.html>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
If you'd like to back up Mattermost prior to upgrading, `the migration guide <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/migrating.html#migrating-the-mattermost-server>`__  outlines the process required to back up and restore your database.
```

  mattermost license upload {license}

.. note::
  If you upload the license via the CLI using  `mattermost license upload`, you need to restart the Mattermost server after uploading. Additionally, if you're running a cluster, the license file needs to be uploaded to every node. See `our documentation for more information on the command line tools <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-license-upload>`__.

**Using the System Console**

> 1. Open **System Console > About > Edition and License** (or **System Console > OTHER > Edition and License** versions prior to 5.12).

Reviewer 2: may need "for" or "in" before versions here

> 1. Open **System Console > About > Edition and License** (or **System Console > OTHER > Edition and License** versions prior to 5.12).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open **System Console > About > Edition and License** (or **System Console > OTHER > Edition and License** in versions prior to 5.12).
```
